♪ She came from Greece she
had a thirst for knowledge ♪
♪ She studied sculpture at
Saint Martin's College ♪
♪ That's where I ♪
♪ Caught her eye ♪
♪ She told me that her dad was loaded ♪
♪ I said, in that case I'll
have rum and Coca-Cola ♪
♪ She said fine ♪
♪ And then in thirty
seconds time she said ♪
♪ I wanna live like common people ♪
♪ I wanna do whatever common people do ♪
♪ Wanna sleep with common people ♪
♪ I wanna sleep with common people ♪
♪ Like you ♪
♪ Oh what else could I do ♪
♪ I said I'll, I'll see what I can do ♪
♪ I took her to a supermarket ♪
♪ I don't know why ♪
♪ But I had to start it somewhere ♪
♪ So it started there ♪
♪ I said pretend you've got no money ♪
♪ She just laughed and said ♪
♪ Oh, you're so funny ♪
♪ I said, yeah ♪
♪ I can't see anyone
else smiling in here ♪
♪ Are you sure ♪
♪ You wanna live like common people ♪
♪ You wanna see whatever
common people see ♪
♪ Wanna sleep with common people ♪
♪ You wanna sleep with common people ♪
♪ Like me ♪
♪ But she didn't understand ♪
♪ She just smiled and held my hand ♪
♪ Rent a flat above a shop ♪
♪ Cut your hair and get a job ♪
♪ Smoke some fags and play some pool ♪
♪ Pretend you never went to school ♪
♪ But still you'll never get it right ♪
♪ 'Cause when you're
laid in bed at night ♪
♪ Watching roaches climb the wall ♪
♪ If you called your dad he
could stop it all, yeah ♪
♪ You'll never live like common people ♪
♪ You'll never do whatever
common people do ♪
♪ You'll never fail like common people ♪
♪ You'll never watch your
life slide out of view ♪
♪ And you dance and drink ♪
♪ Because there's nothing else to do ♪
♪ Sing along with the common people ♪
♪ Sing along and it might
just get you through ♪
♪ Laugh along with the common people ♪
♪ Laugh along even though
they're really laughing at you ♪
♪ And the stupid things that you do ♪
♪ Because you think that poor is cool ♪
♪ Wanna live with common people like you ♪
♪ Oh, la, la, la, la ♪
♪ Oh you ♪